say goodbye to fuel sucking combines
toxic pesticides and harmful fertilizers
how about no soil no fertilizer and 65%
less water than conventional farming
methods this baby wheat commonly called
wheatgrass contains 100 percent of the
nutritional value of the plant
unlike soil based farming this wheat
contains more protein more enzymes
vitamin B zinc and iron because the root
system seed and chute are all edible it
is grown using a farming method called
aeroponics a process developed by
entrepreneur Richard stoner working with
the National Science Foundation NASA and
a select group of scientists stoner is
attempting to rethink how we grow food
in order to feed an ever-increasing
global population aeroponics is the
process of growing plants and air in a
nutrient-rich environment aeroponics is
a soilless process and the plants are
suspended 100% in air both at the root
system and at the leaf surfaces of the
plant and it's suspended in an aeroponic
chamber which then delivers a hydro
atomized spray to the plants it may not
look like a Kansas wheat field but this
greenhouse has similar capabilities the
aeroponic process can grow wheat just
like it can in the field we can plant
this entire tray and grow wheat all the
way to harvest where we harvest the
grain from the weak but what's the
upside to the aeroponic system
it's not designed to replace traditional
agriculture but supplement the food
supply and grow vital plants like wheat
in places where crops usually aren't
found we can grow every day 365 days a
year
inside a climate-controlled warehouse
Agra houses goal is to put systems
everywhere we can and help reduce the
carbon footprint by increasing the
amount of biomass per square foot basis
we can grow in densities that have been
unheard of in the last 20 years and so
in that manner we can supplement and
increase the food supply for cities and
Metropolitan's everywhere